https://www.stat.uci.edu/wp-content/themes/informatics/i/black70.png is False
https://www.cs.uci.edu/news is True
https://www.cs.uci.edu/events/seminar-series/ is True
https://www.cs.uci.edu/events/distinguished-lecture-series/ is True
https://www.cs.uci.edu/event/2017-computer-science-research-showcase/ is True
https://www.cs.uci.edu/news is True
https://www.cs.uci.edu/events/seminar-series/ is True
https://www.cs.uci.edu/events/distinguished-lecture-series/ is True
https://www.cs.uci.edu/event/2017-computer-science-research-showcase/ is True
https://www.cs.uci.edu/news is True
https://www.cs.uci.edu/events/seminar-series/ is True
https://www.cs.uci.edu/events/distinguished-lecture-series/ is True
https://www.cs.uci.edu/event/2017-computer-science-research-showcase/ is True
https://www.cs.uci.edu/news is True
https://www.cs.uci.edu/events/seminar-series/ is True
https://www.cs.uci.edu/events/distinguished-lecture-series/ is True
https://www.cs.uci.edu/event/2017-computer-science-research-showcase/ is True
https://www.cs.uci.edu/events/seminar-series/?seminar_id=1129 is True
https://www.cs.uci.edu/events/seminar-series/?seminar_id=1118 is True
https://www.cs.uci.edu/news is True
https://www.cs.uci.edu/events/seminar-series/ is True
https://www.cs.uci.edu/events/distinguished-lecture-series/ is True
https://www.cs.uci.edu/event/2017-computer-science-research-showcase/ is True
https://www.cs.uci.edu/events/seminar-series/ is True
https://www.cs.uci.edu/news is True
https://www.cs.uci.edu/events/seminar-series/ is True
https://www.cs.uci.edu/events/distinguished-lecture-series/ is True
https://www.cs.uci.edu/event/2017-computer-science-research-showcase/ is True
https://www.cs.uci.edu/events/seminar-series/ is True
https://www.cs.uci.edu/news is False
https://www.cs.uci.edu/events/seminar-series/ is True
https://www.cs.uci.edu/events/distinguished-lecture-series/ is True
https://www.cs.uci.edu/event/2017-computer-science-research-showcase/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/bin/img/logos/UCI17_Bren_ICS_2L_white-1200.png is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/bin/img/logos/UCI17_Bren_ICS_2L_white-1200.png is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_deanmsg.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_factsfigures.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/brenhall/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/visit/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/equity/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_contact.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/dept/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/area/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/area/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/centers/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/highlights/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index-orientationbackupOct12 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/Prospective_ApplicationProcess.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/degrees/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/courses/index-course is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/Course_updates is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/forms_policies/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions_faq/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/funding/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/funding/housing is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/resources is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/visit/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/Course_updates is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/courses/index-course is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/QA_Petitions is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/degrees/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/degrees/Minors is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Academic_Honesty is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Academic_Standing is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Add_Drop_ChangeOption is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Course_Outside_UCI is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Grade_Options is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Laptop_ComputerUse is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Withdrawal_Readmission is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/CS199_IN4MATX199 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/QA_Graduation is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/resources/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/SAO_Events.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/scholarships/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/search_graduate_all.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/social/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/annualreport/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/leadership_council is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/corporate_partner is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/events/competition/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/alumni/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/bin/img/logos/UCI17_Bren_ICS_2L_white-1200.png is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/bin/img/logos/UCI17_Bren_ICS_2L_white-1200.png is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_deanmsg.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_factsfigures.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/brenhall/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/visit/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/equity/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_contact.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/dept/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/area/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/area/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/centers/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/highlights/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index-orientationbackupOct12 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/Prospective_ApplicationProcess.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/degrees/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/courses/index-course is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/Course_updates is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/forms_policies/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions_faq/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/funding/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/funding/housing is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/resources is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/visit/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/Course_updates is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/courses/index-course is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/QA_Petitions is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/degrees/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/degrees/Minors is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Academic_Honesty is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Academic_Standing is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Add_Drop_ChangeOption is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Course_Outside_UCI is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Grade_Options is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Laptop_ComputerUse is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Withdrawal_Readmission is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/CS199_IN4MATX199 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/QA_Graduation is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/resources/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/SAO_Events.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/scholarships/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/search_graduate_all.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/social/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/annualreport/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/leadership_council is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/corporate_partner is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/events/competition/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/alumni/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/bin/img/logos/UCI17_Bren_ICS_2L_white-1200.png is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/bin/img/logos/UCI17_Bren_ICS_2L_white-1200.png is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_deanmsg.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_factsfigures.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/brenhall/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/visit/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/equity/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_contact.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/dept/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/area/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/area/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/centers/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/highlights/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index-orientationbackupOct12 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/Prospective_ApplicationProcess.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/degrees/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/courses/index-course is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/Course_updates is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/forms_policies/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions_faq/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/funding/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/funding/housing is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/resources is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/visit/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/Course_updates is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/courses/index-course is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/QA_Petitions is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/degrees/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/degrees/Minors is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Academic_Honesty is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Academic_Standing is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Add_Drop_ChangeOption is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Course_Outside_UCI is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Grade_Options is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Laptop_ComputerUse is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Withdrawal_Readmission is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/CS199_IN4MATX199 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/QA_Graduation is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/resources/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/SAO_Events.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/scholarships/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/search_graduate_all.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/social/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/annualreport/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/leadership_council is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/corporate_partner is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/events/competition/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/alumni/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/bin/styles/engage.css is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/bin/img/logos/UCI17_Bren_ICS_2L_white-1200.png is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/bin/img/logos/UCI17_Bren_ICS_2L_white-1200.png is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_deanmsg.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_factsfigures.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/brenhall/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/visit/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/equity/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_contact.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/dept/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/area/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/area/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/centers/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/highlights/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index-orientationbackupOct12 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/Prospective_ApplicationProcess.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/degrees/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/courses/index-course is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/Course_updates is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/forms_policies/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions_faq/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/funding/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/funding/housing is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/resources is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/visit/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/Course_updates is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/courses/index-course is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/QA_Petitions is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/degrees/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/degrees/Minors is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Academic_Honesty is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Academic_Standing is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Add_Drop_ChangeOption is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Course_Outside_UCI is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Grade_Options is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Laptop_ComputerUse is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Withdrawal_Readmission is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/CS199_IN4MATX199 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/QA_Graduation is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/resources/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/SAO_Events.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/scholarships/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/search_graduate_all.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/social/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/annualreport/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/leadership_council is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/corporate_partner is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/events/competition/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/alumni/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/bin/img/logos/UCI17_Bren_ICS_2L_white-1200.png is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/bin/img/logos/UCI17_Bren_ICS_2L_white-1200.png is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_deanmsg.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_factsfigures.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/brenhall/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/visit/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/equity/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_contact.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/dept/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/area/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/area/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/centers/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/highlights/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index-orientationbackupOct12 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/Prospective_ApplicationProcess.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/degrees/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/courses/index-course is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/Course_updates is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/forms_policies/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions_faq/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/funding/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/funding/housing is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/resources is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/visit/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/Course_updates is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/courses/index-course is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/QA_Petitions is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/degrees/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/degrees/Minors is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Academic_Honesty is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Academic_Standing is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Add_Drop_ChangeOption is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Course_Outside_UCI is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Grade_Options is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Laptop_ComputerUse is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Withdrawal_Readmission is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/CS199_IN4MATX199 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/QA_Graduation is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/resources/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/SAO_Events.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/scholarships/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/search_graduate_all.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/social/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/annualreport/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/leadership_council is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/corporate_partner is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/events/competition/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/alumni/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/events/competition/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/bin/img/logos/UCI17_Bren_ICS_2L_white-1200.png is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/bin/img/logos/UCI17_Bren_ICS_2L_white-1200.png is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_deanmsg.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_factsfigures.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/brenhall/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/visit/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/equity/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_contact.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/dept/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/area/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/area/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/centers/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/highlights/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index-orientationbackupOct12 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/Prospective_ApplicationProcess.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/degrees/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/courses/index-course is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/Course_updates is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/forms_policies/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions_faq/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/funding/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/funding/housing is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/resources is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/visit/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/Course_updates is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/courses/index-course is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/QA_Petitions is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/degrees/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/degrees/Minors is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Academic_Honesty is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Academic_Standing is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Add_Drop_ChangeOption is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Course_Outside_UCI is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Grade_Options is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Laptop_ComputerUse is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Withdrawal_Readmission is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/CS199_IN4MATX199 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/QA_Graduation is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/resources/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/SAO_Events.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/scholarships/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/search_graduate_all.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/social/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/annualreport/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/leadership_council is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/corporate_partner is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/events/competition/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/alumni/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/bin/img/logos/UCI17_Bren_ICS_2L_white-1200.png is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/bin/img/logos/UCI17_Bren_ICS_2L_white-1200.png is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_deanmsg.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_factsfigures.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/brenhall/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/visit/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/equity/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_contact.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/dept/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/area/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/area/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/centers/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/highlights/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index-orientationbackupOct12 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/Prospective_ApplicationProcess.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/degrees/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/courses/index-course is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/Course_updates is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/forms_policies/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions_faq/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/funding/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/funding/housing is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/resources is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/visit/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/Course_updates is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/courses/index-course is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/QA_Petitions is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/degrees/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/degrees/Minors is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Academic_Honesty is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Academic_Standing is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Add_Drop_ChangeOption is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Course_Outside_UCI is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Grade_Options is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Laptop_ComputerUse is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Withdrawal_Readmission is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/CS199_IN4MATX199 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/QA_Graduation is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/resources/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/SAO_Events.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/scholarships/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/search_graduate_all.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/social/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/annualreport/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/leadership_council is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/corporate_partner is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/events/competition/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/alumni/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/bin/img/logos/UCI17_Bren_ICS_2L_white-1200.png is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/bin/img/logos/UCI17_Bren_ICS_2L_white-1200.png is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_deanmsg.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_factsfigures.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/brenhall/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/visit/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/equity/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_contact.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/dept/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/area/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/area/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/centers/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/highlights/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index-orientationbackupOct12 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/Prospective_ApplicationProcess.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/degrees/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/courses/index-course is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/Course_updates is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/forms_policies/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions_faq/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/funding/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/funding/housing is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/resources is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/visit/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/Course_updates is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/courses/index-course is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/QA_Petitions is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/degrees/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/degrees/Minors is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Academic_Honesty is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Academic_Standing is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Add_Drop_ChangeOption is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Course_Outside_UCI is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Grade_Options is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Laptop_ComputerUse is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Withdrawal_Readmission is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/CS199_IN4MATX199 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/QA_Graduation is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/resources/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/SAO_Events.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/scholarships/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/search_graduate_all.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/social/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/annualreport/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/leadership_council is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/corporate_partner is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/events/competition/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/alumni/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2219 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2218 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2217 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2216 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2215 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2214 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2213 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2212 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2211 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2210 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2209 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2208 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2207 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2206 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2205 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2204 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2203 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2202 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2201 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2200 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2199 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2198 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2197 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2196 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2195 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2194 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2193 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2192 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2191 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2190 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2189 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2188 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2187 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2186 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2185 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2184 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2183 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2182 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2181 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2180 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2179 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2178 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2177 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2176 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2175 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2174 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2173 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2172 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2171 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2170 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2169 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2168 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2167 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2166 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2165 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2164 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2163 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2162 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2161 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2160 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2159 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2158 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2157 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2156 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2155 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2154 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2153 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2152 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2151 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2150 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2149 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2148 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2147 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2146 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2145 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2144 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2143 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2142 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2141 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2140 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2139 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2138 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2137 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2136 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2135 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2134 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2133 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2132 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2131 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2130 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2129 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2128 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2127 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2126 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2124 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2125 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2123 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2122 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2121 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2120 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2119 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2118 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2117 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2116 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2115 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2114 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2113 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2112 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2111 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2110 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2109 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2108 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2107 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2106 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2105 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2104 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2103 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2102 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2101 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2100 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2099 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2098 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2097 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2096 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2095 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2094 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2093 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2092 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2091 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2090 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2089 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2088 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2087 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2086 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2085 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2084 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2083 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2082 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2081 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2080 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2079 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2078 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2077 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2076 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2075 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2074 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2073 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2072 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2071 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2070 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2069 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2068 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2067 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2066 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2065 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2064 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2063 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2062 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2061 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2060 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2059 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2058 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2057 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2056 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2055 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2054 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news?id=2053 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/bin/img/logos/UCI17_Bren_ICS_2L_white-1200.png is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/bin/img/logos/UCI17_Bren_ICS_2L_white-1200.png is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_deanmsg.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_factsfigures.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/brenhall/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/visit/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/equity/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_contact.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/dept/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/area/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/area/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/centers/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/highlights/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index-orientationbackupOct12 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/Prospective_ApplicationProcess.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/degrees/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/courses/index-course is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/Course_updates is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/forms_policies/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions_faq/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/funding/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/funding/housing is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/resources is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/visit/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/Course_updates is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/courses/index-course is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/QA_Petitions is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/degrees/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/degrees/Minors is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Academic_Honesty is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Academic_Standing is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Add_Drop_ChangeOption is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Course_Outside_UCI is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Grade_Options is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Laptop_ComputerUse is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Withdrawal_Readmission is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/CS199_IN4MATX199 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/QA_Graduation is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/resources/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/SAO_Events.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/scholarships/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/search_graduate_all.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/social/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/annualreport/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/leadership_council is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/corporate_partner is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/events/competition/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/alumni/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news.php?id=2052 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news.php?id=2054 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/bin/styles/stylesheet_news_view.css is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/bin/img/logos/UCI17_Bren_ICS_2L_white-1200.png is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/bin/img/logos/UCI17_Bren_ICS_2L_white-1200.png is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_deanmsg.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_factsfigures.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/brenhall/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/visit/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/equity/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_contact.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/dept/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/area/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/area/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/centers/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/highlights/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index-orientationbackupOct12 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/Prospective_ApplicationProcess.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/degrees/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/courses/index-course is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/Course_updates is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/forms_policies/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions_faq/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/funding/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/funding/housing is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/resources is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/visit/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/Course_updates is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/courses/index-course is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/QA_Petitions is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/degrees/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/degrees/Minors is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Academic_Honesty is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Academic_Standing is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Add_Drop_ChangeOption is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Course_Outside_UCI is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Grade_Options is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Laptop_ComputerUse is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Withdrawal_Readmission is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/CS199_IN4MATX199 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/QA_Graduation is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/resources/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/SAO_Events.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/scholarships/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/search_graduate_all.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/social/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/annualreport/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/leadership_council is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/corporate_partner is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/events/competition/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/alumni/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news.php?id=2053 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news.php?id=2055 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/bin/styles/stylesheet_news_view.css is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/bin/img/logos/UCI17_Bren_ICS_2L_white-1200.png is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/bin/img/logos/UCI17_Bren_ICS_2L_white-1200.png is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_deanmsg.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_factsfigures.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/brenhall/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/visit/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/equity/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_contact.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/dept/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/area/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/area/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/centers/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/highlights/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index-orientationbackupOct12 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/Prospective_ApplicationProcess.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/degrees/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/courses/index-course is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/Course_updates is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/forms_policies/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions_faq/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/funding/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/funding/housing is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/resources is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/visit/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/Course_updates is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/courses/index-course is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/QA_Petitions is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/degrees/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/degrees/Minors is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Academic_Honesty is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Academic_Standing is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Add_Drop_ChangeOption is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Course_Outside_UCI is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Grade_Options is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Laptop_ComputerUse is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Withdrawal_Readmission is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/CS199_IN4MATX199 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/QA_Graduation is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/resources/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/SAO_Events.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/scholarships/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/search_graduate_all.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/social/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/annualreport/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/leadership_council is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/corporate_partner is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/events/competition/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/alumni/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news.php?id=2054 is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news.php?id=2056 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/bin/styles/stylesheet_news_view.css is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/bin/img/logos/UCI17_Bren_ICS_2L_white-1200.png is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/bin/img/logos/UCI17_Bren_ICS_2L_white-1200.png is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_deanmsg.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_factsfigures.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/brenhall/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/visit/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/equity/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_contact.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/dept/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/area/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/area/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/centers/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/highlights/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index-orientationbackupOct12 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/Prospective_ApplicationProcess.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/degrees/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/courses/index-course is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/Course_updates is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/forms_policies/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions_faq/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/funding/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/funding/housing is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/resources is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/visit/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/Course_updates is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/courses/index-course is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/QA_Petitions is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/degrees/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/degrees/Minors is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Academic_Honesty is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Academic_Standing is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Add_Drop_ChangeOption is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Course_Outside_UCI is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Grade_Options is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Laptop_ComputerUse is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Withdrawal_Readmission is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/CS199_IN4MATX199 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/QA_Graduation is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/resources/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/SAO_Events.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/scholarships/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/search_graduate_all.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/social/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/annualreport/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/leadership_council is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/corporate_partner is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/events/competition/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/alumni/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news.php?id=2055 is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news.php?id=2057 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/bin/styles/stylesheet_news_view.css is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/bin/img/logos/UCI17_Bren_ICS_2L_white-1200.png is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/bin/img/logos/UCI17_Bren_ICS_2L_white-1200.png is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_deanmsg.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_factsfigures.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/brenhall/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/visit/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/equity/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_contact.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/dept/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/area/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/area/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/centers/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/highlights/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index-orientationbackupOct12 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/Prospective_ApplicationProcess.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/degrees/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/courses/index-course is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/Course_updates is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/forms_policies/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions_faq/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/funding/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/funding/housing is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/resources is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/visit/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/Course_updates is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/courses/index-course is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/QA_Petitions is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/degrees/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/degrees/Minors is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Academic_Honesty is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Academic_Standing is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Add_Drop_ChangeOption is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Course_Outside_UCI is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Grade_Options is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Laptop_ComputerUse is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Withdrawal_Readmission is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/CS199_IN4MATX199 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/QA_Graduation is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/resources/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/SAO_Events.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/scholarships/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/search_graduate_all.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/social/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/annualreport/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/leadership_council is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/corporate_partner is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/events/competition/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/alumni/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news.php?id=2056 is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news.php?id=2058 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/bin/styles/stylesheet_news_view.css is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/bin/img/logos/UCI17_Bren_ICS_2L_white-1200.png is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/bin/img/logos/UCI17_Bren_ICS_2L_white-1200.png is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_deanmsg.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_factsfigures.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/brenhall/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/visit/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/equity/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_contact.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/dept/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/area/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/area/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/centers/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/highlights/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index-orientationbackupOct12 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/Prospective_ApplicationProcess.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/degrees/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/courses/index-course is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/Course_updates is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/forms_policies/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions_faq/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/funding/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/funding/housing is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/resources is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/visit/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/Course_updates is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/courses/index-course is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/QA_Petitions is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/degrees/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/degrees/Minors is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Academic_Honesty is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Academic_Standing is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Add_Drop_ChangeOption is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Course_Outside_UCI is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Grade_Options is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Laptop_ComputerUse is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Withdrawal_Readmission is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/CS199_IN4MATX199 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/QA_Graduation is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/resources/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/SAO_Events.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/scholarships/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/search_graduate_all.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/social/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/annualreport/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/leadership_council is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/corporate_partner is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/events/competition/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/alumni/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news.php?id=2057 is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news.php?id=2059 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/bin/styles/stylesheet_news_view.css is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/bin/img/logos/UCI17_Bren_ICS_2L_white-1200.png is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/bin/img/logos/UCI17_Bren_ICS_2L_white-1200.png is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_deanmsg.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_factsfigures.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/brenhall/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/visit/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/equity/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_contact.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/dept/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/area/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/area/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/centers/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/highlights/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index-orientationbackupOct12 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/Prospective_ApplicationProcess.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/degrees/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/courses/index-course is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/Course_updates is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/forms_policies/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions_faq/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/funding/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/funding/housing is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/resources is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/visit/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/Course_updates is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/courses/index-course is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/QA_Petitions is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/degrees/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/degrees/Minors is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Academic_Honesty is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Academic_Standing is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Add_Drop_ChangeOption is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Course_Outside_UCI is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Grade_Options is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Laptop_ComputerUse is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Withdrawal_Readmission is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/CS199_IN4MATX199 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/QA_Graduation is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/resources/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/SAO_Events.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/scholarships/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/search_graduate_all.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/social/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/annualreport/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/leadership_council is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/corporate_partner is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/events/competition/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/alumni/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news.php?id=2058 is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news.php?id=2060 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/bin/styles/stylesheet_news_view.css is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/bin/img/logos/UCI17_Bren_ICS_2L_white-1200.png is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/bin/img/logos/UCI17_Bren_ICS_2L_white-1200.png is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_deanmsg.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_factsfigures.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/brenhall/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/visit/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/equity/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/about_contact.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/dept/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/area/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/area/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/centers/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/highlights/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index-orientationbackupOct12 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions/Prospective_ApplicationProcess.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/degrees/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/courses/index-course is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/Course_updates is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/forms_policies/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/admissions_faq/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/funding/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/funding/housing is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/resources is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/visit/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/grad/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/Course_updates is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/courses/index-course is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/QA_Petitions is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/degrees/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/degrees/Minors is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Academic_Honesty is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Academic_Standing is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Add_Drop_ChangeOption is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Course_Outside_UCI is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Grade_Options is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Laptop_ComputerUse is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/Withdrawal_Readmission is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/policies/CS199_IN4MATX199 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/QA_Graduation is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/resources/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ugrad/sao/SAO_Events.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/scholarships/index is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/faculty/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/index.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/search/search_graduate_all.php is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/social/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/about/annualreport/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/leadership_council is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/involved/corporate_partner is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/events/competition/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/alumni/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/ is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news.php?id=2059 is False
https://www.ics.uci.edu/community/news/view_news.php?id=2061 is True
https://www.ics.uci.edu/bin/styles/stylesheet_news_view.css is False
